Rudex Project Update with @xanoxt
@officialfuzzy: Welcome everybody to another beyond Bitcoin
hangout where you can power
yourself up with your own tokens. Today is
Saturday September 30th 2017 and this
is hangout number 226. We are still in the
beta stages of Whaletank
hangout and Whaleshares so there will be cool
things that do come in the
future. But as of present we have a couple
cool
things already where we like to benefit the
individuals who have a little bit of
interest in creating their own tokens and
potentially leveraging them to help
their own projects. Every week people join up
to the whaletank to talk about
their projects provide updates in what
they're doing in the crypto space. And
hopefully they're also considering how they
can leverage the creation of the
token and the utilization thereof, to not
only empower their project but empower the
other people who want to hold those
tokens and leverage those tokens to help the
project as well. This is one of the
ways that I'm trying to incentivize people to
play around in the sandbox, use
these tokens, see what works, see what
doesn't and help us to document the
process and the progress or sometimes the
pitfalls. The entire story thereof.
Now with that said everybody who wants to
post a project can go to the weekly
RSVP threads at steemit.com forward slash
where I
post the RSVP hangouts, hangout threads and I
resteem other people's content. And every
week these
individuals who join up are allowed to RSVP.
We ask them to get upvotes from
people who are within the community  and
outside of the community to
join up to do so as well. The reason for this
is it shows us that there are
people within the ecosystem who are willing
to upvote you and kind of step
in and say yes I backed this person. If you
do not
back a person and you do not believe in what
they're doing
feel free to post and a reply, as opposed to
a flag, giving information on
what is going on with the individual with the
project at hand. And
if there's something that ends up being
important that we needed to know about I
will always gladly tip people who bring
relevant information in a productive
manner. Now with that said there are a few
cool things that we
offer with power-ups to people who do create
their own tokens and post the
link to where it trades on the Bitshares DEX.
If you have a token and you are
willing to distribute it to these hangout
attendees and also have it on
the Bitshares DeX, you are able to double the
chances of you becoming of
the first or increase the chances of being in
a preferable order, meaning the
first first second or third in these hangout
segments.
If you have a token holding this token and
posting the link to it will double your
chances as one powerup. As the second
powerup we have 15 minutes that are
established for every project to have as
a base. However you can earn extra minutes by
share dropping on the people
who are going to attend this hangout and are
going to sign the guest list that I
will provide. Now if the community is
interested in that share drop, and once a
part of that share drop say yes, we can give
you up to ten extra minutes
to talk about what is going on. I will always
consider
whether the community is wanting to add extra
minutes because of the
conversation too as well or just for the
tokens. But we will definitely be able to
offer you extra time if you want to leverage
those tokens. And finally we
give out well over five six hundred dollars a
week
this hangout alone. Historically has actually
been well over
a thousand dollars a week to the people who
participate. And there's nowhere else
that I know of that you can transparently do
this in
the Steem ecosystem and earning these tokens.
So I urge everyone to consider
joining up because those people who do have
their own token and join up and
provide the link for the final powerup that
we offer, you will be able to
potentially earn one thousand beyondbits
which is worth approximately four
hundred dollars at present. So with that said
at the end of every week whenever I
choose that person, if you believe that your
token is more valuable and that
there might be an opportunity that that you
think that I missed, you can always
reach out to me and talk to me about it after
the fact, and maybe maybe I will
change my mind. But if you do not have a
token that you're leveraging, you will
not be able to earn these thousand
beyondbits. However I do take the amount that
is earned and I distribute it to the people
who join these hangouts as guest
speakers. So with that said if you would like
larger payouts consider trying to
get the whale tank hangouts uploaded further!
Tell people about them. Tell
people about your project and send a link to
the Whaleshares hangout. Do
what you can to promote us, because promoting
us and what we're doing here
is promoting everybody and also giving us the
resources to continue paying you.
Now with that said today the order of
precedence has been established.
from Rudex, at six dollars and seventeen
cents.
Nutela, had some things that he was going to
talk about with Decent,
and he is standing at three dollars and
twenty seven cents.
is going to be talking about addressing
philippine problems monthly.
And that is hashtag for better Philippines on
Steemit. And
he is tied with  who will come third.  a
fitness sessions
we'll be following that and that will be . We
will then follow
this by GS gaming. And we will cap off the
day with  and his
project buildawale updates. So with that said
I thank everyone who has
joined up today and who join us every week.
And I thank you all for the little
cut
you offer unique value. So always try to
consider how you can leverage that to
help each other because that's how we form
synergy and create ridiculous
amounts of value. Now with that said  I'll go
ahead and I'll ask you
are you ready to step up to the plate and
give everybody an update on what's
going on in the Rudex ecosystem?
@xanoxt: Sure and I'd like to begin well you said
something about tokens and if you guys
know big Steem started as a translation
project for posts on Steem and for
all the things related to BtiShares, to Steem
[and] to Graphene technology in general.
And we were at some point I think it was like
last December or maybe January this
year [that] we're considering creating tokens
to sell translation things and with this
whole thing about community tokens we might
consider doing that actually but
it's something that I just wanted to say for
like kind of historical reasons.
We have a team of translators and we have
quite a bit of people who asked us
to translate things. When we started we were
thinking about how to monetize what we are
doing because you know most of
things we do we do for Steemit votes and
Golos votes. And sometimes they give
you nice payout and the translator is happy
because the money goes to the translators.
But sometimes not so much and we were
thinking about things that would allow
to have some sort of stable income. But
instead we went and start doing our
own interface for bitshares and that also
started as the translation
project. Because bitshares didn't have a
Russian interface at the time
and we were approached by testers who said
like "you guys are working on this maybe
you want to do Russian tools translation?" We
said yeah sure and then after we did
that we thought "okay we have this interface
translation we could probably
create our own interface and have a lot of
ideas about what we want to see on
bitshares". And that way we had an ability to
fullfill all of them. For example one of the
things that that we have that's different
from when BitShares started is our
telegram based trollbox that we have a
sandboxed iframe with the chat
blog?? A lot of people say that was a
security problem and we spent a lot of
time to safeguard this. At some point we were
considering maybe seeing if there's
code for chatbrel?? and working on our own [version] so we would know that it's safe enough.
Because when you are dealing with
cryptowallets such as Bit-
Shares DEX essentially you can't have too
much security. Anyway one of the
things that we always wanted as a Ruble MPA (Market Pegged Asset) and we created it and gave it
to the committee. So it's now an official
Ruble currency MPA of
BitShares and all price
feeds for it are provided by
producing??witnesses. And also after that,
since we position ourselves as Graphene
ambassadors for russian-speaking
audience we also worked and talked with
communities of Peerplays, of Muse
, of Golos and of Steem and Bitshares itself
and created 0% marketfee
gateways that allow people to trade their
their tokens and exchange their
tokens from Graphene based networks without
any friction other than paying
miniscule Bitshares commissions. That is made
possible because we don't have
any investors that we have any
responsibilities [to] in turning a
profit and [things] like that. And also
[because] we have an active witness in
all those networks. In Bitshares we're a
producing witness.
In Peerplays and in MUSE we're a producing
witness and in Steem and Golos we are
in the top 20 which is maybe one or two
percent ,or I don't know several
hundred thousand or like millions of vests
away from being a top 19 witness
and producing a block every round. But even
even without being there
we're still close to the top. On Steem
currently we've been running witness
since spring. I think it was late March or
early April when we
announced our the launch of our witness. We
are still not in top 50 so if you
want to vote for a witness to support
whatever what we are doing, you'll have
to input the witness name in the field for
voting for non-in-the-top witnesses
and this name is "Blockchained" like block
chain ed. H opefully we
consider that most likely if enough people
vote for us we have to be made
like [rank] 30 and maybe eventually make it
into the top. But top 30 would
be nice and I think it would be enough to
allow us to accelerate what
we're doing by quite a bit. Next up in the
things that we are
planning to do: we are currently tinkering
with with the
Ethereum nodes. We have to run one to be able
to gain?? ERC20 tokens and our
first ERC 20 token, once we have that
operational is going to be EOS and I'm
not sure on the particulars yet but most
likely will have a 0% market fee for
EOS token only because at some point it's
going to be a Graphene based token. And once
that's happened we'll create a gateway for
EOS.
Because we think that having Bitshares as a
premier platform for EOS tokens and
all the tokens created on EOS is achievable
and is actually
desirable because as far as I know there are
projects on creating DEXes on EOS
itself but we have the positioning to be
first such a DEX without actually
import?? to EOS because graphene chains have
an ability to sidechain to each
cut
would realize the tools to allow that and do
all the research required for
that. Next up we are probably going to try
and backport escrow functionality
from Steem into Bitshares. And we have a team
of people who can work on that.
Possibly as soon as we are sure that yeah
that's feasible for us in a short term
will create a working proposal for that if
meirin?? beats?? us to that. Because escrow
functionality would allow creation of peer to
peer gating. So you will have
something along the lines of
local bitcoins. Except local bitcoins are a
centralized service that allows
peer to peer exchanges of bitcoins. [That
said] we were researching using the multi-sig
schemes for that and decided that, while it's
possible it's still a bit clunky.
That's why we kind of shifted it some time
into the
future. Once the tools that offer more
elegant solutions are in
place.That's probably all for now, if you
have any questions... Oh yeah,
another thing is; hopefully if you are going
to Steemfest you will be able to
see me if I get my visa done in a timely
manner. Because if that happens I'll
go to Steemfest and do a presentation there.
But I'll know in maybe a week or
week and a half.
@nutela: Okay  there's other projects that are based
on graphene
like Decent. Will it work also for them? Like
the exchange?
@xanoxt: Yeah we translated a lot of text for them and
we are planning to have a
Decent gateway also powered by being a
witness on Decent Network. But it's
probably going to be after an ERC20 gateway.
Since it's not that
hard to create gateways for graphene-based
systems for us, it might happen before the
ERC20 gateway but I'm not sure
on the timeline. But yeah that's in our plans
and if you launch in
a Graphene based Network and you have a solid
community and solid business case
for use of blockchain and are looking to
listed it we are open to providing
gateways to the DEX because as far as we are
concerned DEX is the thing that
tie all the Graphene based chains together.
And any other
chains as well. But we first look for several
things: one of them is; if the
blockchain in question has any sort of
governance solutions, so you can in the
future expect to see maybe Decred or I don't
know - DASH. The second
thing is privacy centric block chains that's
something that we really like. So
Monero, ZCash, I don't know PIVX or well
whatever, are
the chains that have functionality we are
looking into
creating but that's probably going to be in
2018, maybe earlier. Our
idea is that we want to move at the pace
that's comfortable for us. So we are
cut
chains it's maybe like we got to asses about
that, we got to to set up the
infrastructure for that and now that we have,
to test that and release into the
to the public. And then another couple of
weeks to do a public testing before we
send the code upstream. So it can be included
into the reference wallets and
into any other the Bitshares based
interfaces.
@nutela: Okay that's very cool and then so if you
would upvote something which actually
belongs on a Decent Network or on any other
graphene-based [chain] like your music or
something then those gateways could be like
configured to send the money on [forwards] or
something like that?
@xanoxt: You'll still have to do it via Bitshares. You
send your money to for example
Decent gateway on Bitshares. You get Rudex
decent tokens or
whatever they're going to be called. Then you
go and exchange them for, I don't
know Rudex tokens, and can then send them to
news network. And the thing
is since there are a 0% market fees we're not
actually taking any money from
from those trades. And since most most
graphene-based block chains don't
have sending or receiving fees or transaction
fees. We we have zero
transaction fees to send it this way or that.
And even with Bitshares and Peer-
plays that have those transaction fees, since
we are getting paid by the
blockchain and the volume on on those
movements is offset by those payments so
we are able to afford that, there are minimum
amounts that we process. But
it's still it's still pretty friction free
frictionless for you if
you're sending money from one blockchain to
another. But it still requires
people willing to to trade. Well maybe
depending on how liquid the
market, is it may be best if you take your
Decent tokens sell them
for Bitshares and then say buy MUSE tokens for Bitshares but still [you have to exchange]. And yeah one of
the things that the community can help us
with is doing the... Yeah.
@officialfuzzy: Okay  really quickly I can give you about 20
more seconds if that's
okay? We're a little bit over the 15 minutes
but you're more than welcome to
@xanoxt: Yeah, okay no problem.
@officialfuzzy: join up every week and give us a status as
well.
@xanoxt: Yeah sure cool. So one of the things that you
can help us with is market making. If
you have a lot of tokens or one of those
chains, you are welcome to come and
provide the liquidity for them. Yeah. Also
vote for witnesses on all those networks.
We are looking for votes on Steem and in the
chat here there were details about
that. Yeah, thank you for having me.
@officialfuzzy: Thank  and if people want to reach out to you
guys and ask you any
questions, or heck maybe they know of a chain
or a graphene-based chain or
splice
How would they reach out to you and contact
you to let you know about all
this stuff?
@xanoxt: Power?? You can leave comments on our steem
blog. You could also contact us our
own on telegram.
We have a really heavy presence on telegram
with several several groups for
all these Graphene chains. So we have Peer
plays rooms??, EOS rooms,
we have Bitshares DEX rooms and all of them.
Yeah I think yeah. In the chat here's the
links, the device posting them.
@officialfuzzy: Sounds good and thank you very much everybody
for joining up to these
hangouts and participating in them. Thank you
for joining up to
provide all this information. You see these
are things that a lot of people do
not know about and they should. And this is
one of the means of us getting this
information out in a way that is open and
transparent. I just want to urge
everyone here, who is part of these and those
of you who are listening, to
consider, we have 2500 listeners just on
soundcloud a week. So we have people out
there who are paying attention and
listening to us as well. If you're a listener
and or you're in
here, please conside if there's a project
that really seems like it's
going to bring value to your stake and that
you think that you can add value to
them and give them a little bit of help in
any way shape or form it, does not
have to be always money. This is the space of
disruption, the disruption comes
from creation and innovation. So innovate and
use your own value propositions to
uplift and support these valuable projects.
Because without these projects
we're kind of standing still in the water.
And it's really important. It's
really important to help them. And I know
that I don't always do it perfectly but
I will say this just always try if you can.
If there's a project that seems
valuable to you even if it's just one or two
minutes to share something every
week, it's something they might not otherwise
have.